become
detach
interactive
facet
term frequencey 术语频率
Document Frequency 文档频率
gather
prefetch
Stemming  lemmatization
scoring
relevance
hessian
subscribe
Text Mining 文本挖掘
temporary
truncate
archive
contribute
Relevance Feedback
nest
Additional Documentation
 you have requested strict checking.
host key verification failed.
nested
ownership
perspective
feature, maturity ,	strength ,	problem ,advise
特征、成熟、力量、问题、建议

mandatory


## Error getting generated key or setting result to parameter object
获取生成密钥或将结果设置为参数对象时出错

## Host name may not contain blanks
主机名不能包含空白

## override is not allowed when implement
执行时不允许重写

## a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session 
具有相同标识符值的不同对象已经与会话关联。

## there was a problem with the instance info replicator
实例信息复制器存在问题

## cannot execute request on any known server
无法在任何已知服务器上执行请求

Can't import project 'spider' from an existing workspace folder
This program may be freely redistributed under the terms of the GNU GPL
warning: remote host identification has changed!
More Like This
Digest
All in One

Mapped Statements collection does not contain value

As an early GitHub adopter, we never had the chance to ask you about your email preferences, so we’re sending this one-time message to see if you’d like to hear about new features, community events, and tips and tricks for developers using GitHub.


Field can be converted to a local variable less 
This inspection searches for redundant class fields that can be replaced with local variables. If all local usages of a field are preceded by assignments to that field, the field can be removed and its usages replaced with local variables.


may only be specified during package installation and erasure
This system is not registered to Red Hat Subscription Management. You can use subscription-manager to register.
found a swap file by the name
failed to create symbolic link 
多态（Polymorphism）
concurrent
Do not request a bean from a BeanFactory in a destroy method implementation!
failed because the control process exited with error code
boost
permanent
Could not locate PropertySource and the fail fast property is set
Evaluator
deprecated
sensitive
association
resolving   endpoints via configuration
aspect
Invocation
present
aggregate
explicitly
ACCEPT、DENY 和 NEUTRAL 
dump
Session Stat 会话统计
Suspend 
isolation
delivery guarantee
phrase
fuzzy
deny
allow
high sierra
isolation
metrics
Upgrade Guidance 
barrier
prefix
suffix
thrift
Priority
scheduled
allocate
sleuth
transient
header already present
concurrent
similarity 相似性
payload 有效载荷

There is insufficient memory for the Java Runtime Environment to continue
有java运行环境继续的内存不足

New around here? View our getting started page to get acquainted with the Elastic Stack.
新来的？查看我们的入门页，了解弹性堆栈。

Not the version you're looking for? View past releases.
不是你要找的版本吗？查看过去版本。

View the detailed release notes
查看详细的发行说明

bound or publishing to a non-loopback address, enforcing bootstrap checks
绑定或发布到非回送地址，强制引导检查

APM = Application Performance Management，应用性能管理
顺序扫描法(Serial Scanning)
resolving   endpoints via configuration

Manually create thread pool is better
手动创建线程池更好

unable to create new native thread
无法创建新的本地线程

please follow build document, if you want to build source codes by your self
如果您想通过自己构建源代码，请遵循构建文档。

Microsoft does a good job at software industry
微软在软件行业做得很好

Please identify a location so that time zone rules can be set correctly.
请确定一个位置，以便时区规则可以正确设置

Network level connection to peer localhost; retrying after delay
网络层连接对等localhost；重试延迟后


Once created, the capacity cannot be changed.

Once created, the capacity cannot be changed.
一旦创建，容量就不能改变。

Checking your browser before accessing dawangidc.com.
在访问dawangidc.com检查你的浏览器

unable to serve on any address
无法送达任何地址

You have to remove or rename that container to be able to reuse that name
您必须删除或重命名该容器，以便能够重用该名称。

Stop one or more running containers
停止一个或多个正在运行的容器

is already in use by container
已经在集装箱中使用了。

the "user" directive makes sense only if the master process runs with super-user privileges 
只有主进程以超级用户权限运行时，“用户”指令才有意义。

Run a command in a running container
在运行的容器中运行命令

address already in use

You can login to your client area to view and pay the invoice at
您可以登录到您的客户区查看并支付发票。

No such file or directory
没有这样的文件或目录

The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
服务器遇到意外情况，阻止它执行请求。

The origin server did not find a current representation for the target resource or is not willing to disclose that one exists.
源服务器没有找到目标资源的当前表示，或者不愿意透露目标存在。

Privoxy encountered an error while processing your request:
会遇到一个错误在处理您的请求

Please contact your proxy administrator.
请与代理管理员联系。

If you are the proxy administrator, please put the required file
如果您是代理管理员，请提交所需的文件。

Operation not permitted
不允许操作

onight, the new episode of the TV challenge show “Keep Running” will be broadcast. You can watch my fluent English speech at the United Nations in Vienna. The subject of this speech is focus on Sustainable Development Goals, which is related to myself, humankind and the earth. It is very meaningful for me and I feel like I have achieved my dream, I am so proud of it.I wish you can cheer for me. Come on, Keep Running!”


Releases
Official releases are usually created when the developers feel there are sufficient changes, improvements and bug fixes to warrant a release. Due to the voluntary nature of Solr, no releases are scheduled in advance.

Latest version
Both binary and source releases for the latest version of Solr are available from the Apache Mirrors.

Past versions
Archives for all past versions of Solr are available at the Apache archives.

File names
The solr-VERSION.zip or solr-VERSION.tgz files (where VERSION is the version number of the release, e.g. 7.2.1) contain Apache Solr, html documentation and a tutorial.

The solr-VERSION-src.tgz file contains the full source code for that version.

Note: prior to the Solr 4.1 release, all distribution and artifact filenames contained an apache- prefix.


## This system is not registered to Red Hat Subscription Management. You can use subscription-manager to register.
该系统没有注册到红帽订阅管理。您可以使用订阅管理器进行注册。


## Warning: No matches found for: ipvsadm
警告：没有找到匹配的IPvSADM

## No Matches found
找不到匹配项


please check if this file is opened another program
Free Trial
canal

Manipulation 
JNDI
lookup
 attempt
canal 
communication
organization
established
deprecated 
arbitrate
pipeline
standalone
manual
stage
channel
inspection
deploy
leader/follower
observer
Introduction
standalone
educational
entrance
stage
privileges
workbench
routine
pair
opposite
sink
compact
privilege
transient 
unsupported
assembly
political
standalone 
dialect
 leader election
 mixed
staff
cap
　SOA 全称是: Service Oriented Architecture
 RTT(Round-Trip Time)往返时间在计算机网络中它是一个重要的性能指标。
processor
 disConnect MysqlConnection
sharing 
 mainstem is not run any in node
server id was not set
 cannot be empty
Operation not permitted
your system has not been modified. to complete installation at another time,please run setup again
please check if this file is opened
This is supposed to be overridden by subclasses.
no further information
  root of context hierarchy
make github desktop better
can't restart by no select live node
prepare to find start position just last position
would you like to help us improve github desktop by periodically submitting anonymous usage data
Error contacting service. It is probably not running.
tomorrow never waits
You don't have permission to access  xx on this server.
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at
Your license ticket is obtained from an outdated version of the license server. To keep your product licensed, the license server requires an immediate update to the latest version. Read full details, and pass this information to the server administrator on your side.


Did you like this blog post? Share it now
你喜欢这篇博文吗？立即分享



preset
not This output shows SysV services only and does not include native

此输出仅显示SysV服务，不包括本机服务



Constrained Application Protocol



associate
ncorrect  
actual

Database not specified or available